Update export-data.md (#98615)
Azure/azure-content: articles/healthcare-apis/fhir/export-data.md

* [Patient](https://hl7.org/Fhir/uv/bulkdata/export/index.html#endpoint---all-patients): `GET {{fhirurl}}/Patient/$export`
* [Group of patients*](https://hl7.org/Fhir/uv/bulkdata/export/index.html#endpoint---group-of-patients) – *The FHIR service exports all referenced resources but doesn't export the characteristics of the group resource itself: `GET {{fhirurl}}/Group/[ID]/$export`

> When data is exported, a separate file is created for each resource type. No individual file will exceed 1 Million resource records. The result is that you may get multiple files for a resource type, which will be enumerated (e.g., Patient-1.ndjson, Patient-2.ndjson). Every file not necessarily will have 1 Million resource records listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When data is exported, a separate file is created for each resource type. No individual file will exceed one million resource records. The result is that you may get multiple files for a resource type, which will be enumerated (for example, `Patient-1.ndjson`, `Patient-2.ndjson`). Every file will not necessarily have one million resource records listed.
```
